Release 4.0 blog post (#359)
node-red/node-red.github.io: _posts/2024-06-20-version-4-0-released.md

---
layout: blog
title: Version 4.0 released
author: nick
---

Node-RED 4.0 is now available to [install](https://npmjs.org/package/node-red). If upgrading, please read the [upgrade instructions](http://nodered.org/docs/getting-started/upgrading.html).

We've highlighted some of the main highlights of the release below. There have also been 
a large number of community contributions ranging from bug fixes, features, documentation and translations.
We wouldn't be able to do what we do without these contributions - a big thank you to everyone involved.

> The [Change Log](https://github.com/node-red/node-red/blob/4.0.0/CHANGELOG.md) has the full list of changes in

Author: ```suggestion
The [Change Log](https://github.com/node-red/node-red/releases/tag/4.0.0 has the full list of changes in
```

Details are in the [original issue](https://github.com/node-red/node-red/issues/3904) and the [pull request](https://github.com/node-red/node-red/pull/4616) that fixed it.

### Other updates

 - TCP node - when resetting, if no payload, stay disconnected @dceejay
 - HTML node: add option for collecting attributes and content ([#4513](https://github.com/node-red/node-red/pull/4513))
 - let split node specify property to split on, and join auto join correctly ([#4386](https://github.com/node-red/node-red/pull/4386))
 - Fix change node to return boolean if asked ([#4525](https://github.com/node-red/node-red/pull/4525))
 - Let msg.reset reset Tcp request node connection when in stay connected mode ([#4406](https://github.com/node-red/node-red/pull/4406))
 - Let debug node status msg length be settable via settings ([#4402](https://github.com/node-red/node-red/pull/4402))
 - Feat: Add ability to set headers for WebSocket client ([#4436](https://github.com/node-red/node-red/pull/4436))

## Full Changelog

> The full set of changes in this release can be found in the [changelog](https://github.com/node-red/node-red/blob/4.0.0/CHANGELOG.md)

Author: ```suggestion
The full set of changes in this release can be found in the [changelog](https://github.com/node-red/node-red/releases/tag/4.0.0)
```
